//One With Nature Item/Block Names

//Blocks
tile.sodium_block.name=Sodium Ore
tile.phosphorous_block.name=Phosphorous Ore
tile.copper_block.name=Copper Ore
tile.manganese_block.name=Manganese Ore
tile.boron_block.name=Boron Ore
tile.zinc_block.name=Zinc Ore
tile.cobalt_block.name=Cobalt Ore
tile.selenium_block.name=Selenium Ore
tile.molybdenum_block.name=Molybdenum Ore

//Items
item.dirt_sample.name= Dirt Sample
item.magnesium_powder.name= Magnesium Powder
item.sodium_powder.name= Sodium Powder
item.phosphorous_powder.name= Phosphorous Powder
item.iron_powder.name= Iron Powder
item.copper_powder.name= Manganese Powder
item.boron_powder.name= Boron Powder
item.zinc_powder.name= Zinc Powder
item.cobalt_powder.name= Cobalt Powder
item.selenium_powder.name= Selenium Powder
item.silicon_dust.name= Silicon Dust
item.molybdenum_powder.name= Molybdenum Powder
item.magnesium_powder.name= Magnesium Powder
item.sodium.name= Sodium
item.phosphorous_ingot.name= Phosphorous
item.copper.name= Copper
item.manganese_ingot.name= Manganese
item.boron_ingot.name= Boron
item.zinc_ingot.name= Zinc
item.cobalt_ingot.name= Cobalt
item.selenium_ingot.name= Selenium
item.silicon.name= Silicon
item.molybdenum_ingot.name= Molybdenum

//Tools

//Tab
itemGroup.OWNTab.name= One with Nature