
tile.sodium_block.name=Sodium Ore
tile.phosphorous_block.name=Phosphorous Ore
tile.copper_block.name=Copper Ore
tile.manganese_block.name=Manganese Ore
tile.boron_block.name=Boron Ore
tile.zinc_block.name=Zinc Ore
tile.cobalt_block.name=Cobalt Ore
tile.selenium_block.name=Selenium Ore
tile.molybdenum_block.name=Molybdenum Ore


item.dirt_sample.name=Dirt Sample
item.magnesium_powder.name=Magnesium Powder
item.sodium_powder.name=Sodium Powder
item.phosphorous_powder.name=Phosphorous Powder
item.iron_powder.name=Iron Powder
item.copper_powder.name=Manganese Powder
item.boron_powder.name=Boron Powder
item.zinc_powder.name=Zinc Powder
item.cobalt_powder.name=Cobalt Powder
item.selenium_powder.name=Selenium Powder
item.silicon_dust.name=Silicon Dust
item.molybdenum_powder.name=Molybdenum Powder
item.magnesium_powder.name=Magnesium Powder
item.sodium.name=Sodium
item.phosphorous_ingot.name=Phosphorous Ingot
item.copper.name=Copper Ingot
item.manganese_ingot.name=Manganese Ingot
item.boron_ingot.name=Boron Ingot
item.zinc_ingot.name=Zinc Ingot
item.cobalt_ingot.name=Cobalt Ingot
item.selenium_ingot.name=Selenium Ingot
item.silicon.name=Silicon
item.molybdenum_ingot.name=Molybdenum Ingot




itemGroup.OWNTab.name= One with Nature